Hotfix/7.1.2 (#61)
iExecBlockchainComputing/iexec-blockchain-adapter-api: README.md

# iexec-blockchain-adapter-api

## Overview

> A blockchain adapter API for iExec Smart-Contracts and other Ethereum things.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A blockchain adapter API for interacting with iExec Smart-Contracts and for doing other Ethereum things.
```

The iExec Blockchain Adapter API is available as an OCI image on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/iexechub/iexec-blockchain-adapter-api/tags).

> To run properly, the iExec Blockchain Adapter API requires:
> * A reachable blockchain node URL hosting iExec smart contracts.
> * A reachable MongoDB instance to persist its data.
> * A reachable broker to match iExec orders.
> * An Ethereum wallet to interact with Smart Contracts on the blockchain network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run properly, the iExec Blockchain Adapter API requires:
* A blockchain node. iExec smart contracts must be deployed on the blockchain network.
* A MongoDB instance to persist its data.
* A broker service to match iExec orders.
* An Ethereum wallet to interact with Smart Contracts on the blockchain network.
```

Author: :+1:

## Configuration

> | Environment variables | Description | Values | Default value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Environment variable | Description | Type | Default value |
```

Author: Thanks, I missed those updates in the last round
